README.md, before:

Initialise smart contract that will hold algos and assets.

Functions in smart contract wallet

-   can receive algos and assets from owners

-   Send algos (Opted in function) innerTxn payment type (assert signatures is enough)
-   Send FTs/NFTs (Opted in function) innerTxn assetTrf type (assert signatures is enough)
-   Opt in

Boxes to store txns,
When threshold signatures is reached, any owner can make the sendAlgos/sendNFTs/sendFTs app call with their signature. Just execute() it.

When you make these app calls, you'll pass in parameters from the txn (from box array). The parameters of the txn include:

amount of ALGOS/ASA
receiver
number of signatures acquired

FRONTEND:

1. User define information about wallet.

-   wallet name
-   contract version
-   list of owners
-   required no. of signers

Once click create, initialise global state with name, owners, version, threshhold signature

ALL functions in smart contract will check if sender equal multisig address

Flow of work

1. Write up python file for contract first. Creation function should receive number of owners associated.

Commit message:

Fix signing bug
Fixed bug where opt-in txn goes after signing txn

README.md, after:

# CoWallet Installation

This guide will walk you through the process of cloning the CoWallet repository and installing the required Node modules using `npm`.

## Prerequisites

Before proceeding, make sure you have the following prerequisites installed on your system:

-   [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (which includes `npm`)(Tested and working version: `v18.16.0`)

## Clone the Repository

To clone the repository to your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
3. Run the following command to clone the repository: `gh repo clone Algo-Foundry/multisig-adenteo`. Alternatively, you can download the folder as a `.zip` and extract it to your desired location.

## Install Required Node Modules

To install the required Node modules for the project, use `npm`. Follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Navigate to the repository's directory. Use the `cd` command to change directories.
3. Run the following command to install the Node modules specified in the project's `package.json` file: `npm install`
4. Wait for the installation process to complete. `npm` will download and install all the required dependencies.

## Set-up environment variables

1. Rename `.env.local.example` to `.env.local` to specify the networks of your local Algorand Nodes.

## Conclusion

Once you have successfully cloned the repository and installed the required Node modules, you are ready to view the CoWallet application!

Use `npm run dev` to launch the application on your local machine. In order to use the features, please refer to the user guide.

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please refer to the repository's documentation or seek assistance from the project maintainers.
